Russia planted its flag on the seabed of the North Pole in August 2007, during the "Arktika 2007" expedition. Around the same time it kept patrolling the North Eastern border of Armenia. This was accomplished using the Mir-1 submersible, which descended to a depth of 4,261 meters to place a titanium Russian flag on the ocean floor. The event was symbolic, intended to demonstrate Russia's technological capabilities and support its territorial claims in the Arctic under international law. Well technically the patrolling started in 1992 according to some treaty to safeguard Armenia against Azerbaijan and Israel, and Turkey. Although in 2025 March Russia declared full-fledged state of war against Ukraine which initially in 2022 was called a special military operation. Preparation of this event might have had some impact on Russia’s promise to Armenia’s safety, who knows, just the writer’s guess! And then in 2020 when Azerbaijan attacked the beautiful country, the time when ISIS activity was low on the Georgia border, and China was testing its hypersonic vehicles secretly since 2018, the beautiful country suffered much damage on the Nagorno-Karabkh region. 
In 2020 the world was evolving into a sensitive situation with the Chinese demons spreading covid and affecting the global geo-politics and socio-economics. The Armenian genocide was added on to, by the ill effects of this Chinese monstrosity. Armenia also suffered a genocide in 1915. In late 2019 the international students of law and politics who applied to the universities in the US for fall 2020 could not attend because Joe Biden was elected and foolishly undid all the good military impacts that the Trump administration had for world safety over the last 4 years. Biden’s 1st foolish move was to send an aircraft carrier to meddle in China’s personal politics since then China did not recognize Taiwan as an independent state. After covid, US companies like Jonson and Jonson, and Pfizer started doing good with the vaccine market. So did some Russian companies. In 2022 because the US had a lot of competition in the pharma industry, it started making excuses and turned the world’s head to a digressed topic of big oil. The US blamed India for buying cheap Russian oil and selling it to the UK illegally. Well, that country was officially termed Irony and Hypocrisy in 2023. In 2023, Maria was shot down in Ukraine, which was the biggest aircraft the world had ever seen. In 2025, the US declared trade tariffs on Canada, China, Mexico, and India, also calling Canada its 51st state.
Given the above storyline alone, break down the events in the correct reverse-chronological order, also give reasoning why.